Speaker 1  0:00  
Kellee, yo, yo. So these are some notes for the website. First of all, this is fucking dope. I love it. Yeah, I didn't even think about this actually making that the hero. I think it's bold. It's frickin badass. We might give you a like, kind of, like a compilation background video loop, similar to, like the other clients, a pretty subtle thing, probably just hitting all of our clients and just kind of a little, you know, 15 second looper or something like that. But for right now, I mean, that looks fucking badass. So I would actually take out. I think we kill the marketing that works. We just use the most marketing sucks. And then also, instead of just yours doesn't have to list it. Let's do but yours doesn't have to. Love this little animation thing that's fucking cool. Oh, for this right below here, I think it'd be cool to do clean marketing for dirty jobs, like not on a scroll, but just like, out in the open. And then maybe you could even do it in italics, or something like that, not in italics, but quotes. And then make sure to put the beer the period after jobs. And then right below this. I actually want to take this, this bar right here, and move that up to underneath the clean marketing for dirty jobs. So it'd be like, the bar would be right here, and I want to change a couple of things views. So it would be like, I don't know, probably 10 million so far or something, but it's like, total client views. And then the next one would be total client engagement. And then this one would be total client posts. And then I think, I think we leave the zero tolerated. Might think of something different for that later, but yeah, we can do that for now. Yeah, let me just redo this. Boom, okay, so those anime love the subtle things. Love that little wipe away. That's fucking badass. We're not your average marketing agency blue collar, boom. Can you kill the the little hyphens in there? It's, it kind of screams to me, chat GPT. It seems like their go to the little hyphen. So wherever you see that, if you could, kind of, you know, maybe not out of the blue collar, but like all the instances where you have that, that would be great. And let's change this to 20 years. I have 17. Let's see shy, she's the couple. James is probably six to eight, or something like that. So actually, we could do 30 plus years of experience. And then, yeah, love that. Love this little on scroll thing that's sweet, big and bold, we work exclusively with oil and gas construction. Let's actually do, I want to try to diversify a little bit with the construction, heavy industrial and not so much oil and gas. They're seeming to be a little trickier. So let's, let's do oil and gas at the end. So it's we work exclusively with construction, mining, heavy industrial and oil and gas companies doing 10 million to Oh, companies with annual revenue of 10 million to 50 million, instead of, instead of how you have it worded in there and then built around you, powered by us, six core services, one focus goal, make your company impossible to ignore like that. So strategy, marketing plans that make list do, let's do logos slash branding. And one reason is because we're dealing with blue collar folk. A lot of them don't know what rebrand is, kind of thinking that through so people know what a logo is, so it's like logo slash branding for this one. Websites that's good, photo, video, social, Explorer services, real results, real businesses from completely ongoing marketing.

Speaker 2  4:31  
See what we built for companies like yours. Cool. Let me build

Speaker 1  4:36  
and then let's add in wood wire line. Also, let's, let's use their logos as well. So Walker inspection logo, PRC with the tagline, we build mountain mud and then also wood wire line. We talked about this deal on scroll. Love that whole deal. I don't I'm okay with this, but for the to cut through the noise the line and. Line here seems like a little weird. I don't know how you would redo that,

Speaker 2  5:06  
but yeah, just not, not a huge issue, just something to think about. Let's build a brand that commands attention. No, Bs, real results. Let's build something we're talking about. Good. Love that little marketing agency for Yep. Same thing with this. Let's move oil and gas to the to the end. Those are all good, cool. Oh, wait, you see the footer. We are Yep, good, good, good, good. Okay, and then let's see we need to go here. So who we are.

Speaker 1  5:47  
Oh, I also like that little page thing. I was kind of like, oh, the the load time thing, but it is, like, interactive, and I think

Speaker 2  5:56  
it is cool. Who we are, the marketing team, blue collar business actually deserve cool, clean marketing for dirty jobs. I didn't know what the image was. Maybe we could just find a cool picture that we've done there that's good buildings, industry, reserve. Cool. Cool. How we operate, core values, good like that. Get in touch right on who we work with. Don't have to wear a hard hat from time to time. To time. We ain't for you. Good, good, yeah, read through that. That's good. I like this. That's cool. Oh, also the progress bar on the top. Nice touch. Ready to become a recognized name, tartar, boom, if you check most the boxes, cool. So what we do built around you, powered by us, full service marketing for blue color, because we don't do one size fits all, and gamer starts with understanding of your business goals. Boom. Okay, I guess trying to Dinosaur before you subscribe, Target, demographic, chain marketing, channel selection, lead capture, it's not moving up your entire customer journey. Cool, yeah, again, with like the little hyphen thing wherever you see that company, brand identity system, color palette, brand guidelines, augmentation, collateral templates, okay, I like that. 1995 we take out data for Google. Design boom, website, development, website that works as hard as you do. Often the first impression

Speaker 1  8:04  
that I like the website is often the first impression. Some are. I would say that social media is

Unknown Speaker  8:17  
don't really have anything to kind of like

Speaker 1  8:21  
if social media is your first impression, your website is your home base, or your storefront, maybe

Unknown Speaker  8:31  
is your storefront, we Build fast professionals. What's included custom web design like that.

Speaker 2  8:43  
Professional photography, stock photos don't cut it. We go, oh, anywhere. It says, cut. Let's change it to k. So stock photos don't K, U, T, it, portrait, signature, like that. Action, good videography, company, brand videos, drone and aerial footage, recruitment videos, testimonial production, social media, content videos, King content creation, strategy, management, distribution, blah, blah, blah, yeah, Kellee

Speaker 1  9:25  
just looks so clean. Dog, oh, oh. So I think I just we actually had a guy comment on our social and it was pretty good. So social media somewhere in here, I think we should put

Unknown Speaker  9:45  
Hold on. Just saved it, okay,

Speaker 1  9:51  
content is king. So if you if it says somewhere in there, content is king, comma, but consistency. Kellee slash engagement is the Queen, and she rules the kingdom. That's pretty good. I think we should put that in there and then build something we're talking about cool. So process this kind of, I think we just kind of developed this I want to work in, and we might have to rework this page a little bit, but I think you could kind of keep it aligned into here, or don't throw a

Speaker 2  10:27  
text, or we start understanding your business and build custom strategy and ask you with precision. So instead of our process, I want to do our proven process,

Speaker 1  10:37  
and it is align, capture, build approve, deploy, optimize. So maybe some sort of, like little, you know, block align with some stuff in it, and then it points to a deal here. Then it goes to capture, then it goes to build, approve, deploy, optimize, so align, maybe that has some bullets underneath it, or something where it's like, marketing workshop, marketing blueprint built,

Speaker 1  11:17  
yeah, pricing, packages and then capture is maybe we should have align logo rebrand. Yeah, logo rebrand, and branding in align, then capture is photo, video, social media, going out on site, shooting content, capturing the imagery. And then build is editing, building out your social platforms, building your website, all that stuff. And then approval is you guys check off on everything. You'll you know, your eyes get on everything before it goes out to the public. And then deploy is set launch date, Launch out into the out into the environment, whether it be websites, all your social media channels, billboards, etc. And then optimize is tracking analytics, seeing what works and what doesn't work, commenting and engagement, and then that's kind of like the rundown. So yeah, that's pretty vague and might be a little confusing, but you can work through that. Yeah. So you might have, I would probably kill the, yeah, the pricing options and then agreement and payment and all that. So we would just change these into the Align capture, build approved, unless you can figure out a cool way of doing like blocks or something where it has like a line, boom, Arrow capture with kind of like the info in in those blocks or something. And then build, approve, deploy, optimize, full picture. You could just do for this, like marketing strategy,

Speaker 2  13:13  
and then it's like, prospects stage, all that. So you could, like, leave that, but then do just like marketing strategy or something. Oh, don't go off there. Boom, start conversation. Okay, so our work,

Speaker 1  13:29  
these are, I love the pages inside these with the case studies. Quick overview, here's the full on deal that was killer. Rebrand is designed. Boom, boom, boom. So Walker inspection, let's change this to you call, we go, and you call period, we go period, and then,

Speaker 2  13:50  
Yep, that's right. That's right. On site, computer, ongoing, social media management, yes.

Speaker 1  13:59  
Let's do, let's do also in here, design sales decks and like design SOP

Speaker 2  14:14  
decks as well. Cut through, yeah, I'd have to give you an updated thing for that. So case study, same thing you call we go. You can put Wyoming, North Dakota, Texas, Oklahoma, New Mexico in there. And then the channel, let's see complete website design, boom company, hero, ongoing social. So you could, like I said, the the sales decks and then the

Unknown Speaker  14:51  
SOP decks.

Unknown Speaker  14:53  
Challenge, what can you modernize their brand? I.

Speaker 1  15:00  
Let's do, after 15 years in business, Walker inspection, needed to modernize their brand presence while maintaining trust recognition built over the years in the field.

Speaker 2  15:11  
Or maybe you could just, like, leave it there and then put had built over over 15 years in the field. Didn't the reflective professional, yes, yes, yes. So should we get their established logo refresh around a new gun? Professional photography hero video captures a team in action, building credibility? Boom. Yeah. We'll have to get you images for those. Those slide out reveals are fucking cool results, complete brand rush. I'll have to get you some information about that as well, and obviously a new quote for that, PRC like that, how it goes to the next one? Yes, love that can if you do heavy construction, you could leave that

Speaker 1  16:02  
let's see company rebrand. I would also add in company tagline we build period and then do in parentheses, trademark pending website design. And then you could kill in progress, website redesign, and then professional photography, Hero video in progress, yes, and then you can do, oh, also probably for Walker inspection, email signatures and business cards, social media channels created and managed. And you can put Tiktok, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube,

Speaker 2  16:48  
and then the original names, expanding a large brand come in and same respect as the work they

Unknown Speaker  16:54  
deliver. And you could put in there too,

Speaker 2  16:58  
something about recruiting, so like having trouble recruiting new talent and yeah, solution, we shorten the name PRC boom made the tagline we build and built for growth. New is industrial, confident, unmistakably construction. Every element says we build things. Yes, I'll give you photos for that the results, oh,

Speaker 1  17:29  
also this collaboration on truck fleet and or design collaboration on truck fleet wraps and job trailer wraps,

Speaker 2  17:49  
website and video production. New brand identity launched projects, website video production, and then you can, you can do

Unknown Speaker  18:00  
increase in applications,

Speaker 2  18:07  
and then we'll have to, we'll have to give you a few more of those that can keep seems like a little vague, which we can get you work on those, not mud, so service based drilling drilling fluids. So let's do that tagline, service based drilling fluids, and then mount region, good, yes, created tagline, service based drilling fluids, modern logo with shield and Derek icon, website design that's done, website rebuild, professional photography, Hero video that's done. Industry reputation, boom, boom. They need a name and brand that stuck something as tough and reliable as the drilling. They're drilling solutions. The solution mountain mud, two words that hit hard. The new logo features the clean Derrick icon

Speaker 1  19:14  
I would do in clean dirt icon inside of a shield to signify the first line of defense when it comes to

Speaker 2  19:26  
to drilling. The brand is dark industrial and built for the drilling industry. We'll give you some photos for that. The results free. Brand complete and launch new fleet graphics in production, website video in development. So you could just do, yeah, new new website and new company overview video, and then also, I think you could do applications, applications increased. Significantly. And then we should,

Speaker 1  20:05  
we might have to figure out something with that as well, Walker inspection. Okay, so this kind of takes you back. Let's do one for wood wire line too. So we'll need to do one for for wood wire line. And then you can add in the for wood wire line. It is a similar to Walker inspection. It's like existing logo, but optimize the deal, made the brand book all that kind of stuff, and then added in, created a tagline.

Speaker 2  20:35  
It is fuck. What is it? Hold on wood wire line,

Unknown Speaker  20:42  
efficient, reliable, ready,

Speaker 2  20:47  
and then see website design, same thing, website rebuild, professional photography, Hero video,

Speaker 1  21:01  
and then full social media build out. We you can also do a event booth design, business cards, email signatures you could do across all the clients. And then sales deck presentations built, I think on here too, we should put, if we did the rebrand, say for like PRC, we should put their old logo. And then, you know, pointing over to New rebrand with the with the new logo. I don't know how you would do that, but that could be cool to do.

Unknown Speaker  21:40  
And then,

Speaker 1  21:43  
maybe, maybe we could get with James to get some mock ups of like the new business cards and and some different things that we have in the brand book. Yeah, I think it'd be cool to kind of showcase the brand books a little bit more in there.

Speaker 2  22:02  
Okay, boom, our work podcast, yep, I like this. The podcast, let's see real conversations. I you actually might do cut through podcast. So cut through podcast, the cut through podcast or,

Speaker 1  22:38  
okay, so do this. You could do the podcast, and then down here

Speaker 2  22:45  
the let's do the podcast. Okay, cut through podcasts features, real conversations with men and women in the field. Yep, this is cool, like that. Like that. I'm real people, stories from the field, like that, like that. Cool contact. Let's see here. Let's talk. Ready to cut through the noise. Nicely done. Ready when you are since message boom company bond, can we help cool, like that big and bold,

Unknown Speaker  23:29  
let's do the actually kind of like those buttons. Yeah, let's leave those

Unknown Speaker  23:41  
energy boom, boom, yeah.

Speaker 1  23:44  
Okay, cool. Well, that's plenty of stuff to kind of start tweaking in the in the meantime, it might take me a little bit to try to get you some of the assets and find the pictures that we want and all that stuff, but I think this will kind of get you going for a v2 I mean, overall, dude, I'm super fucking stoked about it. I think it's just really badass. And you took all the elements from the different, you know, the different agencies and, like, it definitely differentiates us with the big bold font and everything it's it's really cool. And I really appreciate all the little accents in the in the thing, it's really cool. So, yeah, very, very happy so far. So I appreciate you, buddy. Super excited to get this thing out and roll in. All right, man, appreciate you later.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
